c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\WpfApp2.exe.config
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\WpfApp2.exe
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\WpfApp2.pdb
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.g.resources
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.exe
c:\users\ajrot\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp2\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.pdb
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\WpfApp2.exe.config
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\WpfApp2.exe
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\bin\Debug\WpfApp2.pdb
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.g.resources
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.exe
C:\Users\ajrot\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Adam Gui Proj WPF\WpfApp2\obj\Debug\WpfApp2.pdb
